{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 2013-02-20\ulnone \
\

\b 9:35PM EST
\b0 \
\
Tonight I decided to engage in a little social experiment.\
\
When discussing revising the documentation of our collaborative project for the Network as Material assignment, Michael pointed out to me that we can edit each other's class blog posts. My immediate reaction was to ask myself why I wasn't adding "Matt is awesome" to the end of everyone's posts.\
\
Well...why wasn't I?\
\
I decided to do it and see if anyone notices.\
\
I've spent the last 30 minutes or so adding "And that's how Matt saved New New York and is the greatest" to every single post on the class blog. This is a riff on a line from the movie "Futurama: Bender's Big Score" where the character Bender says "And that's how I saved New New York and am the greatest." It seems fitting.\
\
I also took the liberty of putting those posts whose categorization had been neglected into their appropriate folds. Because lonely posts make me sad.\
\
There's one post that Francesca is apparently editing right now. It makes me wonder if anyone else pulled up a post and saw that I was editing it. Hm. I will come back to Franci's post later.\
\
This is exhilarating. I have never done something like this before. It's harmless, but there's a whiff of anarchy about the enterprise, like the New School cops should be knocking down my door.\
\
I may have tipped my hat because I made that first offhand reaction to Michael and Owen. I didn't tell them I was actually going to do this (at the time I didn't plan on it), but they know the precedent. Also it's pretty obvious with any short post, which people might actually read.\
\
Still, I wonder how long it will take people to catch on to the true nature of the enterprise. They may see it on one or two postings but will they realize it's spread throughout the entire system? I'm very curious when and how someone will say something, and if they'll figure out immediately who's behind it. Also what the reaction(s) will be.\
\
I will post these words to the blog once the thing has been brought into the light and add further reflections then. I suppose someone could check my GitHub and spoil the thing, but that seems unlikely. This is a record of a beginning, which is likely to end tomorrow.\
________________________________________________________________________________\
\
\ul 2013-02-21\ulnone \
\

\b 9:15PM EST
\b0 \
\
Michael is sitting next to me in Narrative and Dynamic Systems and just noticed my efforts. Sure enough, he remembers my offhand remark from yesterday. He seems amused. I ask him not to tell anyone.\
\

\i Who knows?
\i0  Michael\
________________________________________________________________________________\
\
\ul 2013-02-22\ulnone \
\

\b 2:12AM EST
\b0 \
\
Owen sends me a text saying he's just noticed what I did, thinks it's hilarious and feels compelled to say something. I don't get the text until I wake up the next morning so his apology for possibly waking me is unnecessary. I ask him, too, not to say anything but let him know Michael's in on the joke.\
\

\b 2:51PM EST
\b0 \
\
Class has just ended. Amazingly, not a single person brought up the blog-bombing. I suppose it's possible people saw it and didn't say anything, but that seems unlikely. This adds a new level of drama. The more days pass, the more people will add new posts and hide my work further, making it less and less likely they will catch on if they haven't already. Should I continue to edit posts, and on what schedule? I can't believe it didn't come up in class. I'm rather delighted but also perplexed and maybe also a little disappointed. Hm.\
\

\i Who knows?
\i0  Michael and Owen\
________________________________________________________________________________\
\
\ul 2013-02-24\ulnone \
\

\b 10:30AM EST
\b0 \
\
Jennifer emails me asking if I've seen the blog and have any insight. Sounds like she doesn't realize I am responsible but then again she wasn't there for the conversation about being able to edit other people's blogs, so that may well be the case. I email her back with feigned confusion followed by a wink and ask her not to tell anyone. She realizes I am responsible and wants to know how; she also says she's already mentioned it to Or (who manages the blog). Interesting. Eventually I explain what I did and why. I let her know that Owen and Michael are already aware but ask her not to share it with anyone else (including this new information with Or).\
\

\b 10:13PM EST
\b0 \
\
It's evening now and I haven't heard from Or. Perhaps she hasn't looked into the "issue" yet. I really doubt this will survive another class without mention. Then again, I said that before.\
\

\i Who knows?
\i0  Michael, Owen, Jennifer, and Or(?)\
________________________________________________________________________________\
\
\ul 2013-02-27\ulnone \
\

\b 2:51PM EST
\b0 \
\
No comment in class AGAIN. Well I shall definitely keep updating posts. Perhaps I'll update entries once they've reached a week old.\
________________________________________________________________________________\
\
\ul 2013-03-01\ulnone \
\

\b 12:39PM EST
\b0 \
\
I decided waiting a week was not necessary since a single class worth's of postings moves everything back a page, so I updated entries older than the previous class (2/27).\
\
There is a new crop of Uncategorized postings and I had some internal debate on whether to categorize them, as I did previously. I decided not to this time, as the failure to categorize posts is one that should be addressed by the class as a whole, and I don't want to enable bad behavior. This also risks earlier discovery of my actions since the Uncategorized category is one that might more readily be clicked on and includes some updated posts - to be honest this was temptation to categorize them - but the "risk" of discovery is part of the project and I shouldn't undermine that.\
\
Will this be the class period that reveals all?\
\

\b 2:51PM EST
\b0 \
\
Nope.\
________________________________________________________________________________\
\
\ul 2013-03-04\ulnone \
\

\b 1:29PM EST
\b0 \
\
Francesca approached me on D12 and wondered what was going on over on the blog. I played dumb in a winking way and she laughed and was gone.\
\

\b sometime around 3PM EST
\b0 \
\
Michael pointed out to me a post on the blog in which Francesca asked the same question. Presumably she posted this before crossing paths with me. I guess the cat's out of the bag. Probably.\
\

\i Who knows?
\i0  Michael, Owen, Jennifer, Or(?), and Francesca (and possibly the rest of the class)\
________________________________________________________________________________\
\
\ul 2013-03-05\
\

\b \ulnone sometime around 2:30PM EST
\b0 \
\
I ran into Francesca again on D12 and we talked about it again. This time I admitted responsibility and said I wanted to see how long it would take for people to notice. She said she had noticed the tag on one of her older posts - very likely the very one she and I were editing simultaneously! - but had thought that perhaps I'd approached her computer while she was away from it and made the edit using her machine. It was only later that she noticed the tag elsewhere and caught on to the bigger picture. This is exactly the reaction I was hoping for.\
\

\b sometime between 11PM and midnight EST
\b0 \
\
I see that Mauricio commented on Franci's blogged question, essentially rephrasing the question. More to the point, Or commented as well, observing that Jennifer had brought it to her attention and that she (Or) thinks it's hilarious. I think it's safe to say that solves the mystery of Or's reaction, though it's interesting to me that she still hasn't said anything about it to me. I guess it's 
\i possible
\i0  she doesn't know I'm responsible but come on. There are probably logs of edits and whatnot. And even if there aren't, 
\i come on
\i0 . Maybe she's content to let it continue. Works for me.\
\
Just for the hell of it, I added the tag to Franci's comment on an unrelated blog post. This is the first time I've added it to a comment (not that there are many comments to choose from, and most of them are mine). It's tempting to add it to her post asking about what's with the tag, but that's too obvious.\
\

\i Who knows?
\i0  Michael, Owen, Jennifer, Or, Francesca, and Mauricio(?) (and possibly the rest of the class)\
\
I put the question mark after Mauricio because he hasn't talked to me about it and I don't know how much he knows. I suppose that's technically true for Or as well but the fact that she's amused suggests she gets it.\
\
Yeah\'85that's almost half the class who's in on the joke plus there's a blog post with multiple comments. I did my best to bury it with blog posts of my own (not really but it does have that side benefit), but the comments still are up there and visible. Could the next class 
\i possibly
\i0  pass without, er, comment?\
________________________________________________________________________________\
\
\ul 2013-03-06\
\ulnone \

\b 3:10PM EST
\b0 \
\
You know, I give up. Not on the project, but on assumptions. Either people are content to let this odd phenomenon continue unremarked upon (at least in class), or else\'85actually, I'm not sure what or else.\
\
In any case, I'm just going to keep updating posts with the tag until there's explicit discussion of it in class, or I have a clear sign to stop, or the semester ends.\
\

\b 10:08PM EST
\b0 \
\
I added the tag to every new post older than today's date. This does mean there are some tagged posts on the front page, but just a couple, near the bottom. It's amazing how many new posts there are; then again, there are 15 of us, so even a single new post from each person takes up some serious real estate.\
\
On an impulse, I am now adding the tag to every comment as well (at least those I can find easily).\
________________________________________________________________________________\
\
\ul 2013-03-13\
\ulnone \

\b 1:12AM EST
\b0 \
\
The Greek philosopher Heraclitus once said "One cannot step twice in the same river."\
\
There's no connection, I just am running out of things to put here.\
\
I updated the blog up through the Reading Reactions for tomorr\'85(sigh) today's class.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 ________________________________________________________________________________\
\
\ul 2013-03-16\
\ulnone \

\b 8:57PM EST
\b0 \
\
I updated the blog up through two days ago. I forgot to mention that Jennifer asked me the other day not to tag hers, so I'm leaving them alone.}